
    1. What is Semantic HTML? Well organized and easy to understand
    2. What is HTML used for? Markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is used to define the characteristics of an HTML
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The mian heading and only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes input & textarea
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? !DOCTYPE html
    7. What is an id?  a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? P tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? None
    10. What is a class? an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Section tag
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target='_blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? for screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div section is semantic and a div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? for styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page class
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class is to style mutiple nav bars and id will to be style about page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? anything nested inside of a element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? borders 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? Ctrl A
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? current directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? RM & cause it won't give no prompt asking are you sure
    34. Why should I use version control? allow you to compare files, identify differences, and merge the changes 
    35. How often should I commit to github? as needed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork, add tl,  clone, branch, submit

https://codepen.io/ThaTurtleGuy/pen/ZEbEZwX